https://codepen.io/jvduell/pen/YzyYJqG?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning to the information within the webpage

2. What is HTML used for? 
    To give the structure to a webpage which includes all the information you want the webpage to display

3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It is something that provides additional information about a tag.
    We put it within the tag itself.
    For example the href attribute will go into the a tag:
        <a href="#"></a>

4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used to mark an important heading. 
    You should use it once on a page.

5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a tag 
    img tag 

6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata which includes the document title, character set, styles, scripts, etc. 

7. What is an id? 
    An identifier for a particular element 

8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an id to any element.

9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once. 

10. What is a class? 
    An identifier for elements you want to have the same style

11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element. 

12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    You can use the same class multiple times on a page. 

13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Place target="_blank" within the link tag 

14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Used for screen readers and search engines to know what the image is.

15. How do I reference an id?
    With # followed by the name of the id 

16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section tag defines a section in the document similar to chapters in books.
    A div tag tag defines a division in the HTML. 
    Div tags tend to be used for presentational HTML while sections are used for semantic HTML 

17. What is CSS used for? 
    To style a particular HTML doc

18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You write it's tag followed by curly braces. 
    ex. h2{}

19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used for elements you want styled the same while an id is used to pinpoint a particular and unique element. 
    If you want every other paragraph to be blue you would put a class in every other paragraph and call that class to turn them blue.
    If you want the second title of the page styled a certain way but no other elements that are of the same tag then you would use an id to grab that element and style it. 

20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a . followed by curly braces
    ex. 
        .class{}

21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{}

22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element
    If you wanted to get the last child element but didn't know the exact number of child elements

23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.className{}

24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It's a keyword added to a selector to define a particular state
    ex. :hover

25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase
    text-transform: lowercase
    text-transform: capitalize 

28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Using the * selector

30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* A multi-line comment in CSS */
    \\ A single line comment in CSS

31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd - print working directory

32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls - list (won't show any hidden files that begin with a .)

33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm fileName 
    The command line won't prompt if you're sure before deleting the file and there's no way to recover the file once it's been deleted from the command line

34. Why should I use version control? 
    It tracks every change made to a particular project. If you need to revert back to a previous version you can.
    It also helps keep track of changes made by each person working on a particular project and helps to prevent conflict within the project. 


35. How often should I commit to github?
    After every major change.

36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin 'branch-name'

37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1. Create your own repo from the project (fork a personal copy of the repo into your account)
    2. Add TL as collaborator on the forked repo
    3. Clone the repo by clicking the clone button in Github and copying the url for the repo
    4. In the command line you navigate to where you want the repo to be and then type the command git clone url
    5. cd into the new repo 
    6. Use the command git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create a personal branch 
    7. To add changes made to the repo type the command git add . into the terminal from within the repo
    8. Type the command git commit -m "helpful message" to commit the changes
    9. Type the command git push -u origin branch-name to push the commits to github
    10. To create a pull request go to github and click on the Branch:master and change it to your branch 
    11. Click the New pull request button 
    12. Click the dropdown button that says base repository and change it to your forked repo 
    13. Add your TL as a Reviewer 
    14. Give your pull request a descriptive title and description
    15. Submit the pull request 

Stretch Questions

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 